since October schools in the Cazal strep
became a house and sheltered to
thousands of hundreds of refugees from
different areas across of the Gaza Strip
I'm currently standing on the rubble
over arba school
in surrounding this school is a mosque
other un schools a clinic and a lot of
houses this school
became flattened to the ground it's
completely flattened to the ground
nothing's left we see some chairs some
desks some books but this is the only
thing we see left more than than
625 Palestinian students have been
prevented from education since the
beginning of the war according to unwa
thousands of educational universities
and schools have been all bombed in
different areas across of the Gaza Strip
we're talking about two of the main and
biggest uh universities in the Gaza
Strip which are Alazar and the Islamic
University in Gaza as you see the the
school is sticking to another onera
school where this school has uh refugees
and people that Shel are sh
Sheltering in this hospital yesterday
night at 900 p.m. this school was uh
targeted we're talking about at least 10
injuries from the people surrounding um
this uh School were transferred to uh Al
AA Hospital people who took shelter in
this uh School evacuated after the
Israeli forces asked them to do that uh
weeks uh a couple of weeks ago this is
not the only school that has been
targeted by the Israeli forces we're
talking about thousands of other schools
that were also bombed by the Israeli
forces schools in the Gaza Strip are not
only Schools they're shelters and
graveyards this is hind Al jaaz and
refugee camp